---
layout: post
title: "Ezer Labs"
date: 2026-01-27
description: "and the world of robots."
tags: [ai, robotics]
---

"What's your goal?," R asked.

My fundamental premises: robots will be adopted, they will replace certain types of work, but they won't replace everything - if we do it right. 

Washing machines, dishwashers replaced a certain type of work that we'd rather not do. I think robots will do the same. It will replace a certain type of labour that will be great for us. I don't think anyone is complaining about the loss of the lamplighter occupation. But we need to be wise and discerning about the adoption and transition into a society where robots are adopted and used.

--

My goal is the safe, humane, and discerning adoption of robots into society. Robot companies typically fall within two camps.

Research - spam compute, data, and try to hit scaling laws for robots. 

Deployment - get robots out in the world, replacing labour in low wage jobs like automotive, logistics, etc.

Both - raise a lot of money, do both.

Simulation companies don't fall neatly in these buckets but I'd say generally "research" still, state of technology as opposed to company strategy.

Generally, the approach has just been to go at it head on, without much considered thought about the implications on society, safety and labour. Just go for it, and over time we'd figure it out. Problem about this is that this technology won't be democratised and people won't be able to access it; may lead to significant safety implications; labour doesn't adapt well enough. Often seen from a labour replacement model. Not going to work.


--

I've been building robots. There is an overpromise of robots. In 2013, Elon Musk said autonomous cars were 3 years away. 2016, we didn't see that. It's 2026, we still don't see that. It's not that straightforward to adopt autonomous cars (autonomous cars are generally considered mobile AI robots). The technology still isn't fully there yet 

Similarly, it's not going to be that straightforward to adopt manipulation robots to the real world as well. 

--

The goal is to have robots be adopted into the world sensibly and safely.